hi my name is Steve Sint I'm a
professional photographer I cover the
Greater New York area in the entire
world I've shot about 4,000 weddings and
probably close to a million portraits of
people there was a time in my life when
I did large-format special effects
photography in a studio setting only but
I became I became more and more
interested in the interaction between
the photographer and the subject which
is why I've gotten to the point where
now where I primarily photograph people
one of the nice things about the second
aquel 358 which is basically one of my
best friends when I'm on an assignment
is that at the dome of the meter can be
retracted and once the dome of the meter
is retracted I can use that meter to
read individual light sources and once I
can read individual light sources I can
turn around and figure out how hot I
would like to have my main light and how
strong I would like to have my fill
light it gives me the ability to control
to set my lights individually so that I
can get the effects I want
equally true ii aquel 358 has a way of
determining what it displays what
percentage of the light that's hitting
the subject is from an electronic flash
and what percentage of the light hitting
the subject is from ambient sources and
it gives this in ten percent segments
which means you can really fine-tune it
when you're trying to balance ambient
light and flash actually it is quicker
than making the decisions with a TTL
meter because when you use a TTL meter a
meter that's built into your camera the
first thing you have to do is decide
what tone is you're taking a reading of
and after you decide what tone you're
taking a reading of if it's lighter than
a middle gray you have to dial in a
compensation into your camera or if it's
darker than a middle gray you have to
dial in a compensation to your camera to
take that into an account and what I
find is is that instead of spending time
worrying about my subjects expression
and concentrating on how they look and
how they appear in my camera I'm
spending more time playing around with
with changing the compensation level of
my of my cameras meter with an incident
light meter I don't have to do that I
immediately get to where I want to go
it's important to understand that what
I'm really interested in and what I
really appreciate about incident light
reading is is that it's consistent if
you're photographing a bride who's a sea
of white and she's your primary subject
as an example you find that the TTL
metering systems have a tendency to read
the they're all set up to create a
middle gray from whatever you point the
meter at the the reflected meter that's
built into the camera so what happens is
that if you photograph a bride who's
dressed in a in a massive expanse of a
white gown in the camera
a tendency to under expose that
photograph so that the bride ends up
always looking sunburned conversely if
you photograph a groom or a bunch of
Usher's wearing black tuxedos or you're
working in a in a dark catering hall for
example the camera has a tendency to
over expose the black tuxedos and the
dark backgrounds of the picture to get
that to me a middle gray so you end up
with a bunch of guys who look pasty and
white so he i mean you end up with when
you do the bride you have a sunburned
girl and when you would do the groom and
his cohorts you end up having people who
look sickly I primarily use incident
light readings what I'm interested in
and what's really important to me about
incident light metering techniques is
that it gives me a consistent reading
and it takes out of the equation it
eliminates the variable of what color my
subject is because an incident light
meter gets to the light before it
actually hits the subject and then gets
reflected back to the camera
all metering technique is based on the
concept that that whatever you're
pointing the meter ad is a middle gray
that's the way the meters are calibrated
to give you in a correct exposure it's
often called an 18% gray if you have a
subject who is wearing a red dress or a
yellow dress the problem is is that you
have to make a decision with a reflected
light meter or a TTL meter in a digital
SLR as to what tone of grey that color
represents the idea it for me is to
eliminate the variable of what color is
important
of what color the subject is wearing and
to get to the point where I'm reading
the light before it hits the subject
meaning it is not affected by how the
subject is reflecting it back towards
the camera
in general with large broad soft sources
of light I'm very very interested in not
using lights on my camera
the problem with lights on my camera is
that very very often with automation in
today's digital SLRs an amateur can buy
a camera and put a flash in the hot shoe
and through automation take passable
pictures what I look to do is create
photographs that are demonstrably
different than what a photographer could
get with just a flash and a hot shoe I
actually hate post-processing I find it
a terrible intrusion on my time I shoot
about a hundred eight hour days a year
if for argument's sake I was to do one
hour of post-processing for every hour
of shooting that would mean that in the
course of the year I would be
post-processing 800 hours worth of
sitting on at my computer doing that 800
hours is the equivalent of 20 40 hour
weeks which is the equivalent of 5
months of my time all of the pictures
that I shoot I should Aurore plus a JPEG
file and my assistants laughed because
if I have to open more than five of my
RAW files for every hundred pictures I
shoot you can hear me screaming twenty
miles away I just finished a book on
portraiture it's called digital portrait
photography art business and style and
it's it's an interesting project there
are three chapters on lighting there are
two chapters on posing there's a chapter
on psychology for the portrait
photographer and I'm hoping it's well
received in addition to my hundred
assignments I also teach it a couple of
different workshops the main media
workshops is one of my primary homes
during my vacation time during
summer the book is being published by
Locke books it's available at Barnes &
Noble or Amazon both on the web it will
also probably be covered carried by most
major camera stores